Only I have something to say to you
I want to tell you solemnly
I'm not impulsive
I'm sane.
Professor, what's the matter?
I like you.
I used to be too noble
I don't think I like you that much.
When I slowly found out behind
You are already with Chen Xunan
I didn't take my chances before
But now I want to teach
We boo
Hear me out
Now you and Chen Xunan have been separated
I can finally chase you with integrity
So later
Don't refuse my kindness to you
professor
Sorry.
Brother hasn't come back yet?
Brother, you are at home
I thought you weren't there
Squeak, I just want to know
So many years
What kind of existence is it in your heart?
My brother is my brother.
Family members forever
But I'm not your brother after all
Did something happen to you?
In fact, only
In my heart
You are not just my sister
Or the person I've been waiting for half my life
Brother, what do you mean by that?
I've been waiting for you for so long.
I just want to wait for you to understand
But you just don't get it.
Later, Chen Xunan chased after him
I deceived myself and missed it. I admit it.
But you two broke up
You didn't even give me a chance to react
I'm with my brother Yang Chuan
Brother, I don't have it.
I just want to know
What have I done badly all these years?
Or you're not my sister at all